website/integrations: OpenProject: cleanup (#23329)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/chat-communication-collaboration/openproject/index.md

- `openproject.company` is the FQDN of the OpenProject installation.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

:::info OpenProject Enterprise add-on

> OpenID Connect providers are an OpenProject Enterprise add-on. If **OpenID providers** is not available in OpenProject, activate the Enterprise edition before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenID Connect providers is an OpenProject Enterprise add-on. If **OpenID providers** is not available in your OpenProject instance, activate the Enterprise edition before continuing.
```
